#On St. Paul's Cathedrall represented by Mr. Dan. King#
On St. Paul's Cathedrall represented by Mr. Dan. King

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A53/A53345.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A53/A53345.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99830165e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2007-12__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2008-02__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2009-07__ __Lauren Proux__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2009-07__ __Lauren Proux__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2009-09__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Body#####

1. On S.t PAVL's Cathedrall repreſented by Mr DAN. KING.
SIRYour Merit in theſe Verſes & my Gratitude for your Civilities mov'd me to joyne your Pictures to plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe West end of St Paulesview of the west end of St. Paul's CathedralThe North View of St Paules Chuplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe prospect of the Parochial church of St Faith from Weſt to Eaſt under St Paulesview of the interiplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thview of London centered on St. Paul'sLONDON.THAMESIS FLVVIVS.South worke.D. King delin. et Excudit Aplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th
1. Threnodia Adis PAVLINA De Seipſâ.
SIRYour Merit in theſe Verſes & my Gratitude for your Civilities mov'd me to joyne your Pictures to plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe West end of St Paulesview of the west end of St. Paul's CathedralThe North View of St Paules Chuplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe prospect of the Parochial church of St Faith from Weſt to Eaſt under St Paulesview of the interiplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thview of London centered on St. Paul'sLONDON.THAMESIS FLVVIVS.South worke.D. King delin. et Excudit Aplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThAo Dn̄i 610 Ethelbert K. of Kent built this Church & dedicated it to St Paule.Ao 670 Erkinwald the 4SIRYour Merit in theſe Verſes & my Gratitude for your Civilities mov'd me to joyne your Pictures to plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe West end of St Paulesview of the west end of St. Paul's CathedralThe North View of St Paules Chuplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe prospect of the Parochial church of St Faith from Weſt to Eaſt under St Paulesview of the interiplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thview of London centered on St. Paul'sLONDON.THAMESIS FLVVIVS.South worke.D. King delin. et Excudit Aplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThSIRYour Merit in theſe Verſes & my Gratitude for your Civilities mov'd me to joyne your Pictures to SIRYour Merit in theſe Verſes & my Gratitude for your Civilities mov'd me to joyne your Pictures to plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe West end of St Paulesview of the west end of St. Paul's CathedralThe North View of St Paules Chuplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe prospect of the Parochial church of St Faith from Weſt to Eaſt under St Paulesview of the interiplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thview of London centered on St. Paul'sLONDON.THAMESIS FLVVIVS.South worke.D. King delin. et Excudit Aplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThTEMPLA ſunt DEI Palatia, Bonitatis divinae Tribunalia, Miſericordiae AEraria, Miſerorum Aſyla; ubi SSIRYour Merit in theſe Verſes & my Gratitude for your Civilities mov'd me to joyne your Pictures to plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe West end of St Paulesview of the west end of St. Paul's CathedralThe North View of St Paules Chuplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. ThThe prospect of the Parochial church of St Faith from Weſt to Eaſt under St Paulesview of the interiplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY plan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thview of London centered on St. Paul'sLONDON.THAMESIS FLVVIVS.South worke.D. King delin. et Excudit Aplan of the Parish Church of St. FaithThe Planographie of the parochiall Church of St FaithThe BODY 1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Thplan of St. Paul's CathedralThe Planographie of the Cathedrall Church of St PaulesSouthWeſtNorth.Eaſ1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th1. St Paules.2. Whitehall.3. Suffolk house.4. York houſe.5. Sauoy.6. Somerſet houſe.7. Arundel house1. Will Lam•••.2. Hary Kytſon.3. 〈◊〉 Abni.4. Tho: Hind.5. Tho 〈◊〉.6. Will ••bam.7. 〈◊〉: Huntte.8. Al1. The porticue.2. The W. dore.3. The Turret.4. The Convocation houſe.5. The Little North dore.6. Th
#####Back#####
Sould by Iohn Ouerton at the White Horſe without Newgate at the Corner of the little old Baly neere 
**Types of content**

  * There are 96 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 25 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (25) : illegible (25)  •  @__resp__ (25) : #UOM (25)  •  @__extent__ (25) : 1 word (7), 4 letters (1), 1 letter (7), 3 letters (3), 2 letters (5), 1+ letters (1), 1 span (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|ôâùûàèáòú°|244 226 249 251 224 232 225 242 250 176|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•…′|8226 8230 8242|
|Geometric Shapes|◊|9674|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|1||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2011-04 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|8||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__am__|4||
|2.|__back__|1||
|3.|__bibl__|1||
|4.|__body__|1||
|5.|__closer__|2||
|6.|__date__|1||
|7.|__desc__|25||
|8.|__div__|16| @__type__ (16) : poem (2), chronology (1), illustrations (1), author_to_illustrator (1), views_of_St._Pauls_Cathedral_exterior (1), views_of_St._Pauls_Cathedral_interior (1), plans_of_St._Pauls_Cathedral (1), plan (2), key (3), view_of_Thames_shoreline (1), history (1), colophon (1)  •  @__xml:lang__ (1) : lat (0)  •  @__n__ (2) : Parish Church of St. Faith (1), Cathedral proper (1)|
|9.|__epigraph__|1||
|10.|__ex__|4||
|11.|__expan__|4||
|12.|__figDesc__|13||
|13.|__figure__|13||
|14.|__g__|14| @__ref__ (14) : char:abque (4), char:V (2), char:cmbAbbrStroke (2), char:EOLhyphen (6)|
|15.|__gap__|25| @__reason__ (25) : illegible (25)  •  @__resp__ (25) : #UOM (25)  •  @__extent__ (25) : 1 word (7), 4 letters (1), 1 letter (7), 3 letters (3), 2 letters (5), 1+ letters (1), 1 span (1)|
|16.|__head__|15||
|17.|__hi__|117| @__rend__ (115) : sup (84), sub (9), blackletterType (22)|
|18.|__item__|136||
|19.|__l__|96||
|20.|__lg__|16||
|21.|__list__|8||
|22.|__opener__|1||
|23.|__p__|28||
|24.|__pb__|1| @__facs__ (1) : tcp:34615:1 (1)  •  @__rendition__ (1) : simple:additions (1)|
|25.|__q__|1||
|26.|__salute__|1||
|27.|__seg__|1| @__rend__ (1) : decorInit (1)|
|28.|__signed__|4||
|29.|__unclear__|1||
